someone by saying don't worry can fix
one ah as shown Singlish has a different
standard of English making it difficult
for the rest of the world to understand
this brought the attention of the
government as Singlish had decreased the
country's overall English standards they
were concerned Singlish will hinder
Singapore's Economic Development so the
government launched the speak good
English movement to try and improve
English standards and eliminates English
the campaign however was not well
received by some singaporeans as English
helped them to maintain solidarity and
friendships among themselves supporters
felt that he has become a national